handbook: Update the Extensibility team page (#2780)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/web/extensibility/index.md

  - [TJ Kandala](../../../../company/team/index.md#tharuntej-kandala-he-him)
  - [Murat Sutunc](../../../../company/team/index.md#murat-sutunc-he-him)  

## Mission

> Our mission is to bring the value of Sourcegraph to everywhere you work with code and to bring the value of other developer tools into Sourcegraph.

Reviewer: Boom! Nice.

## Vision

Make Sourcegraph part of developers' daily workflow.

1. We'll build a healthy ecosystem of Sourcegraph extensions to bring the power of existing developer tools into our platform to empower developers.
1. We'll augment existing developer workflows by building new ways to use Sourcegraph on other websites and IDEs.

## Responsibilities

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_The extensibility team has many ownership areas, but not all of them are under active development at the same time. We nonetheless list them all here as a source of truth for deciding if an issue, feedback, or comment is relevant to the extensibility team. You can find our current priorities in our [goals page](goals.md)._
```
Doesn't have to be this wording, but would like to call out that we own lots of things, but don't assume we're actively working on these things. It's still useful to describe them all because if a bug or feedback arises that's relevant to any of them, we want people to know they should send to us!

1. Sourcegraph extensions
   - Providing a Sourcegraph extension API that enables developers to bring data from their favorite developer tools into their Sourcegraph workflow.
   - Build and maintain useful Sourcegraph extensions.([Sourcegraph-maintained extensions](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/sourcegraph_extensions)).
   - Documentation and tutorials that enable third-party developers to create extensions that are actively used.
   - Building and maintaining the extensions registry and discovery paths to create a community around Sourcegraph extensions.
1. Code host integrations

>    - Add native support for Sourcegraph in code hosts (for example: GitLab) or popular sites where developers look at code examples (e.g. https://reactjs.org, https://pkg.go.dev/) so users don't have to install our browser extension to get code intelligence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Add native support for Sourcegraph in code hosts (for example: [GitLab native integration](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/gitlab#gitlab-ui-native-integration)) when possible, so all users of a Sourcegraph instance can get features like code intelligence on their code host without individual setup.
```
(Code intelligence but also extensions / git blame / etc!) Moving websites to its own area -- I think about us having 3 areas of ownership: Sourcegraph extensions; code host integrations/browser extension support for code hosts; and all other third-party possibilities (IDEs, other sites, Slack, etc)

1. Browser extensions

>    - Surface code intelligence and other Sourcegraph data in code hosts (for example: Github) through user-installed browser extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Develop and maintain [browser extensions](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/browser_extension) that surface code intelligence and other Sourcegraph features on code hosts (for example: Github).
```
(It is technically possible, though rare, for someone to enable a chrome extension [for their whole workspace](https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/6306504?hl=en), I believe, so users don't "always" have to set it up.)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. IDE and other third-party code view integrations
    - Develop and maintain IDE integrations that bring Sourcegraph functionality right to your IDE
    - Explore and develop features for other popular code-view websites like https://pkg.go.dev/ and messaging platforms like Slack
```

## Processes

### Backlog

> We use backlogs for tracking bugs, small features, and unplanned work. You can find the [extensibility backlog](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/116?fullscreen=true) on Github. Please note that, we don't use the backlog for tracking work that is expressly planned in our [roadmap](https://sourcegraph.productboard.com/roadmap/2599047-extensibility-fy22-roadmap). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use backlogs for tracking bugs, small features, and unplanned work. You can find the [extensibility backlog](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/116?fullscreen=true) on Github. Please note that we don't use the backlog for tracking work that is expressly planned in our [roadmap](https://sourcegraph.productboard.com/roadmap/2599047-extensibility-fy22-roadmap). 
```

To add an issue, tag it `team/extensibility` to notify the Extensibility team and put it in the "to triage" column of the board. Unless you're directly asked, only extensibility team members should move issues out of the "to triage" column on the board. A team member will confirm the issue is team-related and then move it to the appropriate column.

#### Tracking Issues
The team makes use of [tracking issues](../../tracking_issues.md) for tracking progress on the implementation of new features. The teammates should ensure that a tracking issue is created when starting work on features that are expected to take longer than a single iteration to deliver.

#### Product Feedback

> Specific product feedback about well-defined, small features can be found directly in the backlog boards. More general product feedback that applies to larger features, or that needs more research and planning to be actionable is kept in [Productboard](https://sourcegraph.productboard.com/feature-board/2330167-web-extensibility)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific product feedback about well-defined, small features can be found directly in the backlog boards. More general product feedback that applies to larger features or that needs more research and planning to be actionable is kept in [Productboard](https://sourcegraph.productboard.com/feature-board/2330167-web-extensibility)
```
Nit: grammar's a bummer haha but if we want to remove the pause entirely I believe both get cut (had commas for clarity of the hierarchy of or/and but that's a stylistic choice I think)
